# DS_Final_Project_Proposal_ANR1
Traditional bankruptcy prediction modes typically focus on predicting the event of bankruptcy itself, and do not consider the socio-economic consequences of their prediction. Therefore, I will use machine-learning to conduct a prediction analysis to predict and consider different costs caused by bankruptcy.

For this project I will use predictive analytics to effectively predict bankruptcy utilizing data from the Taiwan Economic Journal for the years 1999-2009. Bankruptcy or business failures can have a negative impact on both the enterprise and the global economy. This has led to business practitioners, investors, and governments to identify the potential risk of business failures in order to reduce the economic loss caused by bankruptcy (Author links open overlay panel Deron Liang a et al.). The idea for this project is to use predictive analytics successfully and accurately to predict whether a company can go bankrupt or not. This will help companies to make appropriate decisions. 
Previously, I was going to use predictive analysis to make a prediction model regarding company bankruptcy that would accurately predict whether a company can go bankrupt or not. Unfortunately, the data from the model was very imbalanced with only 3% of the instances being bankruptcies. This new dataset contains 10,000 entires and 12 columns as well ass categorical and numerical variabeles. There are no missng values from the data. I used numerical summarization, and the correlation matrix to give a better representation of the relationship between each column.

For this project i did further analysis of the churn data and made three models which consisted of KKN, random forest, and decision trees. 
